It's here.
[woman vocalizing]
[grunts]
[metal clinks]
[metal clinking]
Keith.
[Keith] You know,
you're quite somethin'.
However, this is
as far as you go.
I'm gonna put an end to this
once and for all.
[groans]
[Lily] Keith?
[gasps]
Lily.
Wait. Bran?!
You're alive? You're okay?
I could ask you the same thing.
Come on. You shouldn't be
trying to sit up yet.
[gasps]
I need to know,
how long was I knocked out?
A few hours, maybe.
Huh?
[yelping]
Wait! What are you do--
-My clothes!
-Damn it!
I tore my stitches! [yelling]
Where are my clothes?!
Koku will come.
He'll come.
[gasping]
[Minatsuki shuddering]
[woman vocalizing]
There, a ship
hidden among the stars.
[alarm blaring]
[gagging]
That's enough, Minatsuki.
Calm down.
You can hear the alarm,
can't you?
He's moving fast,
and he's already close by.
So someone's coming.
Who is it?
Minatsuki?
[chuckles]
You mean that one?
You okay?
Yeah, sorry about that.
It's all coming back.
I was going to kill him,
wasn't I?
Kill.
I'll kill them all.
Then it will end.
Kill. Kill. Kill.
[chuckles] Kill.
[laughs]
I suppose he will at least
buy us a little time.
[Yuna gasping]
It's just like the myth says.
I guess the end
won't be happening here.
It's as if the inscription
longs for the ending
to take place at that spot.
[woman vocalizing]
[gasps]
That's it.
Yuna.
[gasping]
The platinum silver coloration.
This signifies
the beginning of the end
as well
as the long-awaited hour
that will mark the crowning
of a new black-winged king.
[Minatsuki]
Welcome aboard the "Moby Dick."
I was starting to think
you'd never arrive,
my black-winged king.
Right here and now, I'm going
to take everything you have.
Then I'll become
the lord of all creation!
[overlapping chatter]
[detective] Are you sure?
[CSI] Yes.
-[detective] Boris.
-Hmm?
It seems you were right
after all.
These bodies
have all been embalmed.
Given the sheer number of 'em,
it must cost
around eight figures
to keep this place
up and running.
Then it's
just like Eric was saying.
This isn't the type of facility
that can be run
by only one person.
-Yeah, that's my take.
-[cell phone buzzing]
Hmm?
Hey, Eric, Lily's calling.
-It's Lily?
-Wait. Is she awake now?
Hello? Hello?!
Hey, Lily. It's me, Boris.
-Where's Keith?
-Huh?
Keith?
Isn't he at the hospital?
Last we heard,
he was staying with you.
[Brandon] He said he was going
to the scene of the crime,
-but that was three hours ago.
-What?
[Lily] Right before Gilbert
got away from you guys,
he stuck some kind of weird
capsule thing in my mouth.
Keith took it out of my mouth
as he carried me away,
and then I think
he said something.
[Eric groans]
Eric, wait!
Listen, Lily.
We're heading your way!
Sit tight, all right?
Yes, sir!
[Minatsuki panting]
[woman vocalizing]
[gasps]
[blade clatters]
Tell me where Yuna is.
Do that, and at the very least,
you'll get a quick death.
[Minatsuki] Yuna?
Who is Yuna?
Wait.
Who... am I?
[boy] Reggie.
[gasping]
Who... is that?
Withdrawal symptoms?
That's it. You're a Reggie.
Reggie?
We don't need the Reggies.
Kill them all.
Actually,
I can use this Reggie.
Our eyes are the same color.
I know it.
That eye...
I-I know it.
I know it.
[boy] Don't be afraid.
Look deep into my eye.
From now on,
you will be my phantom...
just as I have been his
for as long as I can remember.
[Reggie]
I need to know. Who are you?
Who are you?
Also...
who am I?!
Don't let it end like this.
This isn't the guy.
Yuna.
[train clattering]
[film projector whirring]
[gasps]
Yuna, you were waiting for me.
She waited for me.
She was waiting for me,
but I was too late again!
[telephone ringing]
Well, now,
what took you so long?
I was starting to worry
that you wouldn't crack it.
We used to use that cipher
all the time
when we passed notes in class.
Doesn't it take you back?
Badmouthing the professors.
Asking about our nemesis.
Our favorite records.
Yours was Blue Oyster Cult,
and mine was Thin Lizzy.
[Keith] Yours was Kate Bush.
Hurry over.
[Gilbert] This place
has seen better days,
but things are
as they were back then.
He said that he would
bring all this to an end.
And those were
his exact words to you?
Yeah.
If he's going
to the scene of the crime,
that's the murder scene
up there in the mountains.
But you're forgetting something.
That's where her body
was dumped,
not where she was killed.
The place where Erika
was actually murdered was...
Tell me one thing.
What?
You couldn't have carried it out
on your own authority.
Tell me who ordered it.
Hmm? Oh, you mean the attack?
There's a simple explanation.
Jaula Blanca's main product
was the living weapons
called Reggies.
The king and military
couldn't care less
about resurrecting gods.
Success was the last thing
they wanted.
And I'll let you in
on one other detail.
The one who proposed and
led the attack on the Institute
was none other than myself.
I instructed Minatsuki
to kill Dr. Kazama.
[scoffs]
Children are strange things.
They'll believe
anything you tell them,
as long as it's
what they want to hear.
Question-- Why weren't you
controlled by him?
Oh, you're referring
to the ability
in Minatsuki's right eye?
[laughs] You know why,
and yet you're asking anyway.
It's because you were
controlling him, right?
[chuckles]
When it comes
to childhood beliefs,
unless the child
sees irrefutable proof
with its own eyes,
they will never fade.
It's a sort of hypnosis,
you see.
It was quite the clumsy lie,
yet he still believed it.
Even now, he believes
that if he kills Koku
in the manner
set out in the inscription,
he'll rule over a new world
as its invincible king.
How many?
How many lives
will you toy with
before you're satisfied?
Surely you see it now.
These cravings of mine
will never be satisfied.
Truth is, I have to kill
in order to survive.
But, you know, Keith, if you
gave it an iota of thought,
you'd see that we're the same.
Don't you agree?
My impulse to kill
and yours to study,
we're the same in that neither
one of us can control ourselves.
That's a trait
that's common to all Flicks.
If I recall, Erika wasn't able
to control her emotions either,
and so I...
[chuckles]
Since we both belong
to such cursed bloodlines,
what do you say
we put an end to this?
[woman vocalizing]
In this place,
the glyph for "black"
is repeatedly used
as a synonym for "perfect."
Do you know
how one makes the color black?
You have to mix all
of the other colors together.
That's the reason black stands
apart from the other colors.
It's the perfect color,
one fit for a king.
You don't know, do you?
You don't have the slightest
idea why I'm doing this.
I listened to you.
I heard your voices
in the distance
as I listened
through the window.
[children chattering]
To pass the time, I imagined
what the rest of you were like.
Until Izanami came,
I'd been alone my entire life.
More than anything,
I wanted to know
why I was the only one
kept isolated.
And on that bloody night,
he explained everything to me.
I was created and kept alive
to be used as spare parts
for Koku.
My destiny was that I'd
be carved up as we grew
and eventually put down
like a stray dog.
That's why
there isn't any record
of my existence
in the inscription.
Until then, I was
nothing more than a phantom.
He was the one and only Reggie
who was successfully stabilized
through treatment
and showed no signs of one day
rejecting Koku's eye.
He was kept in strict isolation,
which is only natural,
considering that if
the military learned of him,
he'd be eliminated.
[Keith] He's the last hope
for stabilizing the Reggies.
I get it now.
The real target of that attack
was Minatsuki, wasn't it?
[Minatsuki]
I didn't want to believe it.
I fought against the inscription
with all I had,
but it was hopeless.
The first time
I laid my eyes on his eye,
it convinced me it was all true,
and so I swore to myself,
whatever it took,
I'd steal everything from him...
using my own two hands.
You can't.
I know that Koku
will never lose,
so there's absolutely nothing
you can steal from him.
You still don't seem to get it.
[gasping]
[Koku gasps]
Can't you see?
We're all playing out our roles
precisely as it's written
in this inscription.
Life, death,
and everything in between,
there's no fighting against it,
no matter what you do.
We are nothing more
than bit players
in a repeating story,
which is why
you're going to die here
along with Koku.
Yuna!
♪ Someday I'll be gone ♪
♪ There's somewhere
That we belong ♪
♪ And God
Has never played his role ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm the one
Who saves my soul ♪
♪ It's a perfect world
We're longing for ♪
♪ So long ♪
♪ Cursing shadows ♪
♪ Hunt and gather ♪
♪ In the city of no answer ♪
♪ As we follow
Endless questions ♪
♪ Hands up
In the same reflection ♪
♪ Sometimes we try to feel ♪
♪ How things just used to be
In yesterdays ♪
♪ Now or never,
Make it better ♪
♪ No one ever lives forever ♪
♪ Wake me up, and let me go ♪
♪ Someday I'll be gone ♪
♪ To somewhere we all belong ♪
♪ For so long ♪
Subtitle translation By David Fleming